["Friends of the Navy go places throughout America\u2019s history with both Theodore Roosevelt and Franklin D Roosevelt coming immediately to mind.", "I've searched high and low for the complete text of Kamala Harris' commencement address to USNA grads today.  It's not available.  The media wants us to watch it on television and I don't want to do it that way.  I'm a reader.  Please make it available.  Television and audio cannot compare.", "I'm proud to see Vice President Harris speaking at such an important occasion in these people's lives.  It's an important first for all concerned.  Thank you Ms. Harris and may it all go well for you.", "Good to see a piece on Ms. Harris; I, for one, would like to see more.  Lots more.  With less focus on \"First...\" and more on what she's up to.", "\"The vice president\u2019s speech is expected to focus on some of the Biden administration\u2019s most urgent challenges\"\n\nApparently this does not extend to the crisis on our southern border.  As the \"Border Czar\", Harris has failed to visit the border and in fact has done nothing at all.", "Harris is an eloquent speaker but doesn\u2019t have the credentials for the job.", "She should concentrate on avoiding three topics.\n\n1-Identity social engineering obsession.\n2-Ditto.\n3-Ditto.\n\nIf she wants to get re elected in 2024 and the democrats remain in control of Congress.\n\nSexual violence in the military is a legit topic and not included in the above.", "I was in high school when women were first admitted to the service academies, and my dad - a Navy veteran - really wanted me to apply to Annapolis. (In retrospect, having a son who did attend a service academy, I realize I never would have passed the physical fitness requirements.) Since women weren't allowed to serve on ships at the time, I couldn't see the value in putting myself through the academy rigors. I hope soon-to-be Ensign Barber has a long, successful Navy career.", "Yes pay the core curriculum teachers the justified amount of salary i.e. elementary school teachers, and then English, math, science and social science teachers in middle school and high school. Not PE and drivers Ed teachers etc. The core curriculum teachers must be paid a professional salary.", "The United States went from #1 in language arts education to 14th in the world, and #1 in math to median in OECD in 60 years.  \n\nMeanwhile, 9 of the 10 wealthiest humans are Americans.  \n\nOur priorities are available for the world to judge.  \n\n<a href=\"https://worldpopulationreview.com/country-rankings/education-rankings-by-country\" target=\"_blank\">https://worldpopulationreview.com/country-rankings/education-rankings-by-country</a>", "I wonder what economists would ay about the history of the profession and pay of teaching.  Planet Money???", "I remember all of my  public school teachers...the very good deserve a huge salary...the poor should have re-education or be fired...The best should be rewarded with big raises ...", "Not paying teachers enough - it's how we ended up with Trump supporters...", "Of course teachers should make more money. Their jobs are valuable and challenging. But they are state employees, not corporate employees. The taxpayers in each state pay for teacher salaries and benefits. Money is not unlimited. Taxes can only be raised so much. In many states teachers make more than social workers and other state workers who have valuable roles too. And the teachers often have better pensions and other benefits due to strong unions.\n\nMany professions are underpaid. Many professionals work long hours. Many professions are stressful. Teachers aren\u2019t unique in those regards, but if they were respected and treated better by parents and administrators the money might not be the issue it seems to be. Pay all teachers 100K and change nothing else? A lot of them will still hate the job.", "If you are going to depend on raising property taxes or state funding for these increases, they will not happen.  There is just too much opposition to the concept.\n\nI would add though that some consideration might be to shift money from the pensions program for teachers, and give them more up front and less after retirement.  My experience as a tax preparer is to see that many teachers' pensions are generous, far higher than social security benefits.  I understand that their contributions are slightly more than the 7+% that most employees pay into the SS program, but I think the pension payouts are significantly higher.  I suggest that more pay before retirement would have a better impact on teachers' lives, and have their retirement benefits be more comparable to the public.", "Ms. Coleman\u2019s essay makes a concise, totally convincing case, with plentiful evidence,about the reasons teachers need to make deserved sufficient salaries.\n\nAlthough Ms. Coleman\u2019s points concern K-12 teachers many of the ideas and examples also hold true for college teachers.\n\nAs a college professor for many years I can show proof that the usual college pay is insufficient for one to teach and simultaneously live a life that one\u2019s salary will cover.\n\nFurther, one point additional point that should be noted is the frequent administrative demands that teachers on most levels encounter in addition to their teaching duties.\n\nInterestingly, Ms. Coleman mentions an example of Vice President Kamala Harris during her election campaign while speaking at Texas Southern University in Houston stating that the nation only pretends to care about education.\n\nInterestingly when I taught in a summer program at Texas Southern University the salary was unusually generous. Why?\n\nThe answer is that the salary was so generous only because an Ivy League university generously paid me and the other Southern Teaching Program teachers at Texas Southern and some other southern traditional Black colleges to teach.", "I have a degree in physics, and I've taken over 30 college credits of math classes.  I have 15+ years experience managing computer servers.  I'd love to teach science.  But the sad fact is that I'd make less than half of what I make now for way more stress and way less job mobility.  Fund schools like they deserve.  Ban the use of local property tax levies that exacerbate the divide between rich and poor.  Require as many science as English classes.", "I'd trade in the raise for a ban on cell phones in class and parents who hold kids accountable for repeated bad behavior. And no, you can't just \"give them a zero.\"", "I am a GREAT teacher. It\u2019s not hubris; it\u2019s fact. I\u2019m one of those rare teachers who is intellectually curious, a joyful and enthusiastic, creative cheerleader. I join in wholeheartedly in the learning, and don\u2019t say, you learn this, come back when you\u2019ve mastered it. I sincerely want my students to surpass me and I give everything with no expectation of commensurate return. To be a great teacher, one must be at least a little selfless snd empathic. I am.  \nHowever, there\u2019s no way I can subject myself to being a teacher ever again unless I and my worthy colleagues get paid what I and they are worth, which is six figures.", "I would so have supported this until this year when our NYC educators shocked me by showing how much they care about our children and their jobs -- moving to the front of the line just behind us healthcare employees to be vaccinated and then continuing to refuse to come to work, and taking their 'inadequate' public servant public dollar salaries to stay home while our kids lost so much...\nwow. would never have believed this was possible -- every aspect of it. I think educators took advantage of this opportunity they had in the big union cities and I guess they won their full year home but they lost a LOT of allies out here.", "Surprised no one mentioned Anti Intellectualism in American Life by Richard Hofstadter. Though it was written almost 60 years ago it\u2019s still a good guide as to why teachers are held in low regard. \nThat and football coaches who teach history by showing movies while they work in those touchdown plays in class.", "In the fall of 1971 my wife began her first teaching  position at a large school district in central PA.  She had completed her teaching certificate credentials earlier that spring at National College in Chicago.  This newly minted teacher was everything you'd want a teacher to be; Young, pretty, talented, energetic and loving of all the 3rd graders she taught.  And so she began her career.  \nIn the beginning finding a teaching position was difficult. The new teacher though eminently qualified was at first denied a position at another nearby school district because she was Jewish. That was her first introduction to racism, hatred and the open bigotry of school boards and communities. Fortunately though an influential member of the school board of another district asked the young woman to apply at his district and she was immediately hired...at the whopping annual salary of $6800.  \nWhen I asked my wife why she accepted such a small starting salary she said \"I love teaching\" and \"It's not about the money\".  A few years later reality arrived. If you want to own a home, have a family and send your kids to college you need to be well paid. \nIn 2014 when she retired she wasn't even earning $55,000 and her benefits were cut to the bone by the school board.\nOur daughter is also a k-12 teacher and reading specialist but she earns well over $75,000 in Maryland. In 2021 it's not much more than $6800 in 1971.  Why even bother to teach? \nI earn $400,000 annually in retirement since 2012.", "We want to attract people and retain high performing teachers in the profession, but we don't want to pay for it. \n\nWe constantly bash teachers and tie their hands, making their jobs and lives miserable, and we wonder why people aren't more motivated to join/stay in the profession. \n\nWe expect teachers to be a master of all trades and take on a dozen roles (a teacher, parent, child psychologist, daycare worker, social worker, mentor, public relations expert, etc), then are astonished when they're not.\n\nI think the problem is on non teachers / non educators.", "Been teaching 18 years in Miami. I only make $3,000 more than a first year teacher. That Master's Degree I hot, gave me $3,000 more. This profession is demoralizing, particularly, if you work in a tough school, where 70% of students enter Kindergarten below grade level (pre-primer). The reading coach, math coach, curriculum support specialist s, and counselors, earn a \"teacher's salary.\" You only make the good money when you are an AP/Principal. And it's all about who you know. Many principals within 5-7 years moved up....only doing 3 years as a teacher. Thank you for speaking up for us.", "I am really tired of making heroes out of teachers. We have gone overboard. Our educational system in this country is very messed up and I recognize that some teachers are exceptional but not all or most of them deserve lifetime jobs with hefty pensions and summers off while the rest of us can be fired easily, get 401ks (if we are lucky) and always work through summer. Most of the teachers I know are completely ignorant of real life and what it entails. But if in the end, teaching is really as bad as so many teachers say it is, change jobs! Do something different! The teachers union here in Chicago is all too powerful and most teachers make more money than they deserve and yet still strike regularly for more money. Let's fix the system before we start arbitrarily pay teachers even more.", "I was a university assistant professor dedicated to teaching economics in which I earned my Ph.D.  One evening, while trying pay for the bills for the delivery of our second baby and deciding that we couldn't, I decided that I could not justify my commitment to this profession.  It was too costly to my family.  I left to pursue a career in business and we became multi-millionaires.  To say teachers and academics are underpaid is the understatement of the century.  I am not the only person who has made exactly the same decision.  It's a tragedy, but it is also very predictable.", "Maybe everyone would be happier if we got rid of teachers unions and allowed schools to pay whatever they wanted based on quality of teaching, bonuses for inspiring students etc. Teaching should be a high status profession managed by an up or out philosophy. No one is forced to teach, but students are forced to attend schools by zip code.", "I\u2019m not sure about more pay, but better working conditions for sure. \n\nI quit last May in the middle of the pandemic after two decades in the public schools. I felt bad for the kids, but the stress was so bad it came down to my job or my health. I will never go back.\n\nTook the school six months to hire my replacement.", "Your point on teachers salaries is well documented. Administrators and school boards also need to support teachers instead of 'throwing them under the bus' in the face of any specious complaint. The response teachers hear is \"Well, it's your word against theirs...\" Not only is this laziness by administrators but damaging to the teachers. This even occurs at community colleges. During my 51 years in education is saw a serious erosion of support for instructors at elementary, secondary and collegiate levels. More support of teachers needs to be multifaceted.", "I make more money as a graduate student than I did as an 8th year teacher with a master's degree. There is no world in which that is OK, let alone optimal for attracting talent to the profession.", "As a retired public school teacher, in my district in Minnesota, we went on strike twice to get counselors and lower class size and address mental health issues of children. Long ago, the school board would only give us a 2% raise over two years which did not even keep up with inflation. I loved the comment \"we pretend to care about education.\" Amen Kamala.", "I wonder if there might not be a connection between this country's widespread contempt toward teachers and its electing a president who could not spell, could not write in complete sentences, and whose knowledge of Mexico was limited to \"great taco bowls.\"", "As a former teacher, I will tell you that one of the most important things we must do in the public schools is to be able to suspend, and expel, disruptive, dangerous, disrespectful students who make teaching hell for teachers and ruin the day for their classmates.\n\nThere are way too many protective measures in schools that limit who you can suspend and expel. If you ask teachers, though, they will tell you of dealing with extraordinarily difficult students, no support from the administration, an inability to suspend them, and how those kids ruined the class, intimidated other kids, intimidated the teacher, argued and back talked.\n\nIt's not a popular solution, I get it. But if you could see what goes on in US classrooms and how a tiny minority of kids negatively impact your kid's education, trust me. You would vote to start suspending those kids in a heart beat. \n\nWe never want to leave a kid behind, right? But when kids are allowed to wreck the classroom, wreck a teacher, that kid is not the only kid being left behind. He forces the other kids to be left behind, too, educationally...and then the teacher quits in spring because she knows she can make WAY more money somewhere else and won't have to deal with that anymore.", "Joe Biden is both putting his pants on one leg at a time and outrunning the lies. It's only the culty Trump minions and goofiest Trump sycophants like Tom Cotton who will believe this or try to run with it. The decent people who made a terrible mistake and voted for Trump are going to hear this and conclude, in the light of what Joe Biden is actually saying and doing, that these lies are unbelievably silly. The reporter who says she was ordered to write the dishonest story about Kamala Harris has resigned. Tom Cotton canceled his own dishonest tweet. Somehow Joe Biden is both putting his pants on one leg at a time and outrunning the lies.", "I remember when Juan Williams aligned with Fox, I was surprised then and assumed he when for the money. Fine, he has to deal with the backlash then.... Yet now Mr Williams gets to shout from his high horse. I wonder how long he will last speaking the truth?", "Imagine, you emigrate from Australia to America to become a citizen to help destroy the democratic process.", "NY Post... Anything Murdock touches is a dumpster about to catch fire.", "Italiano is sad to leave the Post after it ordered her to write a story based on lies?\n\nI would think that any good, honorable journalist would be running for the exit, and happy to find work at a legitimate paper.", "Here's the problem with this story. Any journalist worth their salt would have either complained to a superior or just quit if they had been told to write a story that is false. For this reporter to say this story was a \"breaking point\" is laughable given she already did it.  So now she has a conscience?", "This is so pathetic.  Lie, fester, retract, repeat.  Even more pathetic are the millions hungry to believe it, to feed the frenzy, to amplify the echo chamber, to pass it on.  And the dollars pour in.  Sad, really.", "Poor Ms Italiano. She was probably \u201cforced\u201d against her journalistic principles to write the article by that well known Muslim terrorist, Obama. No doubt ordered to write it or she\u2019ll be given a nonsensical job like head fact-checker at Fox News, or science writer for the Vatican.", "Former Australian citizen Rupert Murdoch represents a real threat to everything we value. He has poisoned the media landscape here, promoted climate denialism. Even his son quit News Corp. He is beyond dangerous.", "Could the next communications pandemic be the Murdoch virus with multiple strains in place or developing at will?", "There is no downside for Republicans and their media outlets to lie to the American public. Republicans make millions from fundraising on the lies and the media outlets get views. Even if they admit to lying, the lies have already taken on a life of their own in the right wing media eco sphere where they can be referenced forever.", "The American Right continues its descent to the bottom of a cesspool of corruption, dishonesty, incompetence and shame. As to the last of the foregoing qualities, I don't mean to suggest Republicans are capable of feeling or expressing shame. I've seen no evidence of that capacity on their part. What I mean is that they have brought about unprecedented shame upon themselves by their constant disregard for truth-telling, sycophancy to the sociopathic Trump, and repudiation of the democratic principles on which this nation was founded. \n\nHence it is not at all surprising the Right and its Rupert Murdoch enabled aiders and abetters concocted this lie about VP Harris and spread the lie by calling it \"news\". Nor is it surprising that a wholly unprincipled right-wing politician like the odious but dutiful Tom Cotton would do his part by helping to spread the lie. \n\nI wish there was some way to keep the Right from spreading their lies and hate, and the national disunion it breeds. But having to live with the lies of bigoted media talking heads Tucker Carlson and amoral if not immoral politicians like Cotton is the painful price the Constitution required us to pay for the privilege of citizenship in this great country of ours. And as long as their is money to be made and votes to be won through such lies, the resultant moral cost to America will surely be that purported greatness.", "Isn't that the MO of the Murdoch \"conservative\" media club....get the fake story out and create the impression? No amount of fact checking can undo that. I do believe they should be sued out of business.  I'm sure an ambitious lawyer or two could yarn a decent narrative that outlines the patterns of a  conspiracy to spread false narratives.", "It is clear  that the right is willing to go to any extreme in propaganda. Sean Hannity, shortly after the Biden election, with a straight face and fake anger, stated that the Biden administration had plans to send all Republicans to \u201d reeducation camps\u201d like the Chinese and Soviets . There is no low that these people are not willing to go to. Put your seatbelts on.", "Fake News is one of Don's big cons. Claim others are doing what he and the right are actually doing all the time. Same with trying to cheat in the elections, the presidents family conning money from the gov't and its supporters etc. If Trump and the GOP are trying to cheat in the elections they'll claim the Dems are doing it. If Don and his family are unethically making big money off their gov't positions they'll claim Biden and his family are doing it all the while pretending they didn't etc. It's all projection and it's amazing people believe this grifter con man.", "Isn't it time to admit that the Tucker Carlsons and other FOX talking heads of the FOX world are just flat-out liars? Nothing they transmit is 'news.' Everything is a kvetch. Like their totalitarian leader, the ex-President who lost the 2020 election by almost 8 million votes, they say anything. The fact that so many of their viewers take the lies at face value tells me all I need to know about American mediocrity. We're a country founded on genocide of Native Americans and slavery of Africans imported as property. There are still many Americans who were just fine with that and who would a contemporary version of genocide and slavery to continue so that the few can prosper while the many suffer.", "I read the NY Post every day. A number of months ago, the NY Post decided that Kim Jong-un was dead.  The front page headline was \"Kim Jong Done.\"  Funny but not true.  Any US Senator who quotes the NY Post as a source should be impeached.", "I would like to thank America for taking Murdoch off our (Australian) hands.", "Meh. No one really reads the Post, except for the Sports pages.  Even that has gone downhill.", "Who forced her to write it?", "\"Hurl your calumnies boldly, some are bound to stick\" - (Roman proverb) and do they ever!", "She is sad to leave? So she prefers to write false stories for. a living? Nice, her journalistic integrity is so low that she is actually sad to leave a job where she was \"forced\" to write false, politically motivated trash.", "It's all part of a loosely-coordinated gaslighting of US! Masses of small semi-retracted lies like this one  produce a sort of numbing of our fiction filters so the occasional Big Lie can take better root and spread further. Goebbels would be proud!", "How is it that a journalist - and a 'chronicler of the courts, at that - just feels that it's OK to write smear propaganda because the boss wants it?  This stinks.", "f she is being truthful, then we need to know who ordered her to write this article, who authorised it, and why they haven't resigned.", "I\u2019m hearing a lot of buzz about \u201cthe plundering of Boomers\u2019 401Ks\u201d to pay for everything. I hope Democrats realize that this is going to spark backlash in purple states like Georgia. They need to get on top of the messaging ASAP. Republicans are going to frame this as a \u201cDemocrats taking what you\u2019ve saved your whole working life for\u201d thing. And it\u2019s going to work to Republicans\u2019 advantage in 2022.", "It would help if we actually had a democracy, let's ensure our voting rights with HR1, let's make DC and Puerto Rico states so more Americans have representation and let's get rid of Gerrymandering so our votes count equally.", "How come this podcast wasn\u2019t uploaded to Spotify this morning? First time missed since I started listening to The Daily years ago!", "It is past time for the working class of this nation to have the government create and extend and expand programs to help them and their children.  Some of us do not want the rich and capitalist to be completely wrung out but we do expect the system to be fairer to those of us that work , day in and day out and only want to have some better outlook for our future.  Any light at the end of the tunnel is better than the pitch blackness we have encountered.  \nRein in the guns from the criminal and the crazy and help us afford doctors and hospitals and give us fair wages and some protection.  \nCan this happen without the majority of workers having no lobbyist and lawyers on our side ? We hope so or it could get very bleak and mean very quick. Do the right thing. Do it now.\nEnough is enough."]